well howdy there Internet people Isabeau
again we're out for a drive today
because frankly I need to get out of the
house get away from the chains on the
trees so here's the thing I come out of
one blackout to realize I'm in another I
finally get somewhere we're having
enough internet connection to scroll and
I find out the Facebook and Twitter has
gone through and censored a bunch of
outlets much news outlets now they're
all independent not over owned by
massive corporations and they all share
one thing in common they're opposed to
government policies and that's
terrifying
that is terrifying you know people are
trying to make the connection Alex Jones
and it's like well you know it wasn't a
problem when they did at Alex Jones
you're right it wasn't Alex Jones kind
of advocated for people to be burned to
death because of their sexual
orientation Alex Jones talked about
hybrid fish men Alex Jones is a con
artist
these outlets are news outlets for the
most part summer sensational a summer
garbage but some are real outlets even
the sensationalist ones are filling a
purpose there are a lot of people who
won't realize there's a problem until
they see some crazy headline and there's
some that do that now before we get to
for too much further into this I do in
the interest of full disclosure I need
to point out that I know a lot of these
people I know a lot of the editors and
the reporters that work at these places
Nik Barnaby over at anti-media we're
friends and I don't mean like oh we've
talked on Facebook I mean like we've got
drunk in a casino together we're friends
at the same time Jason over a free
thought project well we're not friends
we've actually had some semi-public
disagreements over his presentation
because it is a little sensationalist
but at the same time
it's filling a role that some people
really need and when they start shutting
down dissent on that level 800 pages in
one day on Facebook and Twitter that's
that's insane
that is insane
now one journalist and I would actually
suggest everybody follow she is she's a
friend of mine and she's really good in
her name's Carrie Wed ler not only was
her outlet caught up in it but her
personal Twitter account got banned and
this was all in one day and Facebook
gave basically said that they engaged in
spam which they don't they share each
other's work and I maybe it kind of
looked systemic to a to a computer but
no they're not spam they don't share
anything that isn't from you know isn't
news oriented that is of what the people
signed up for
now I should also point out that the
outlets that I work with didn't get
caught up in this none of them did they
didn't none of them got banned so this
isn't me saying you know bringing this
up because I was personally affected by
it the fifth column' Pontiac turbine
agreed none of them got hit it all had
all focused on these other outlets but
it's chilling to me because we're an
independent Network and this very easily
could have been us you could got on and
I'd be gone it's kind of terrifying you
have two things you need to take away
from this his first and foremost don't
compare him to Alex Jones he even the
worst among them wasn't that level
not even close so don't let that
comparison happen and don't make that
comparison you know there are some
people that are out there going well you
know you should have supported this and
you should have spoke up when it was
Alex Jones no
Alex gentlemen who's calling for NS
people be killed
he can be censored simply disagreeing
with government policies a whole other
issue and that's what these outlets did
that was their offense the other thing
you need to take away from this is that
Facebook and Twitter are no longer free
discussion platforms you know there were
always reasonable limits you know on
what what could be said on either outlet
and I understand that they're private
companies they can do what they want but
now they've hit a point where they're
trying to alter public discourse and it
appears that this was done at the
request of the government now Facebook
is a private company and they can do as
they wish but this is one step this is
one step short of an actual first of
them of violation a massive one a
coordinated one specifically targeting
outlets that speak out against
government abuses one of these outlets
all they do is report on police
misconduct that's it one of them is kind
of a marijuana advocacy thing
and then a lot of them talk about
foreign policy and you know they break
stories related to government
involvement in in the Mideast and in
Africa and a lot of times it's the only
place you can get that information so
you need to be looking for another
social media network you need to be
getting ready to move you know it
happened with MySpace everybody just
left it's gonna happen with Facebook
because this type of censorship once it
starts it doesn't stop and yeah free
thought project it's sensationalist it
is but it's no more sensational as than
Fox News or CNN so be ready look I know
that some of these outlets are setting
up on places called steam it there's a
website called steam end which is a
little weird to me to be honest I've
checked it out it's a little odd
and then there's one called me wheat
which is very similar to Facebook that's
where they're going and that's where
you're going to have to find their
information because now it's not gonna
be on Facebook you're gonna have to find
it there and then share it to Facebook
now this isn't a small thing when we're
talking about it we're talking about
tens of millions of subscribers that
were simply taken off the rolls by
Facebook I know
anti-media had AI once a 2.7 million
subscribers that one channel and you can
go to their website I mean they post you
know they have a kind of say clickbait
they have very bold headlines and but
the reporting is pretty good the
reporting is good it's accurate in it's
linked which is nice I mean that's
something you don't find on Fox News or
CNN when they make a claim about some
study or some statistic they link to it
it's there you can click it and read it
yourself I mean that's better
fact-checking and better better
accountability that you find on major
networks and again these were all
independent outlets and none of them are
corporate run and they all spoke out
against the government and now they're
all gone you can't find them on Facebook
you can't find them on Twitter so get
ready to move because this is kind of
going to be the end this is going to be
the end of free discussion and free
discourse on Facebook
anyway just a thought and y'all have a
nice day get out get some fresh air